Adding initial draft of `ww-proseq` WILDS WDL pipeline (#337)
getwilds/wilds-wdl-library: modules/ww-testdata/README.md

### download_ref_data

Downloads a UCSC reference chromosome FASTA + GTF + BED + samtools index/dict for the requested assembly. For assemblies that ship per-chromosome FASTAs (hg19, hg38, mm10, etc.) the per-chromosome file is fetched directly. For assemblies that only ship a whole-genome FASTA at `bigZips/<version>.fa.gz` (e.g. dm6, sacCer3), the task transparently falls back to downloading the whole-genome file and extracting the requested chromosome via `samtools faidx`.

**Inputs**:
- `chromo` (String): Chromosome to download (default: "chr1")

> - `version` (String): Genome version (default: "hg38"). Any UCSC golden-path assembly works; per-chromosome FASTAs are used when available with a whole-genome bigZips fallback otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `version` (String): Genome version (default: "hg38"). Any UCSC assembly under their goldenPath directory works; per-chromosome FASTAs are used when available with a whole-genome bigZips fallback otherwise.
```
I would clarify and write it out as it appears on the site
